# Thursday 12/04

## Agenda
- Discuss our deliverable for the beta checkpoint (5 minutes max)
- Show live instance of the project for any changes made after beta submission (10 minutes max)
- Discuss next plans and uncertainties and receive feedback (ideally 30 minutes)
- Final Questions (10 minutes)

## Design Changes from Last Meeting

* Highlighting and anchor contexts have been successfully implemented
  * We wanted clickable highlights to point to its associated thread. Right now, we just have the thread display the anchor id that corresponds to the highlight (and location on the paper). We still wish to implement the clickable highlights sometime this week.
* The current implementation has open pubs, i.e. anyone can sign in and make a thread on any paper, different from the closed-pub design we envisioned.
  * Since beta submission, we implemented groups for access control, in which users can create and invite others to join (which those users can accept/decline)
    * When creating threads, you can choose to make it publicly viewable, or post it under a group, in which only group members can view them
      * Also added filters to view only public threads, only threads created under each of your groups, and all threads (public threads + threads for groups you are in)


## Issues and Questions

* Access Control
  * Is there a protocol to verify registered emails?
  * How can we have authors prove their authorship of specific papers?
* Highlights
  * The highlight positions relative to words on the PDF are a bit off on default zoom, and get transitioned out of sync when you zoom in/out of the PDF
    * What is the ideal tolerance level for relative highlight positions?
  * Highlights currently display for all users, even if they were created with closed visibility
  * Implementing clickable highlights to point to its corresponding thread
    * What if there are multiple highlights overlapping, or multiple threads to a highlight in the same region?


## Plans & decisions

* Sasha and Artem will ask members in their labs for user testing
* Sasha will implement upvoting for threads
* Rahsun will continue to update the UI for new features, and experiment with the highlighting positions
* Artem will work on refining and debugging the project as a whole (UI, concepts)
* No meeting planned yet, will likely take place anytime between Friday afternoon and Sunday evening
